Update SF inbound endpoint configs (#1567)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-reference-configuration.md

    <td><code>5000</code></td>
    <td><code>5000</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>connection.salesforce.initialEventId</code></td>

>     <td>The initial event id to start message reading. If message replaying is enabled, this value will be used only if <code>connection.salesforce.EventIDStoredFilePath</code> is not configured and if this <code>initialEventId</code> is greater than the replayId stored in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Specifies the initial event ID from which to start reading messages. This value is applicable only when message replaying is enabled. It will be used only if <code>connection.salesforce.EventIDStoredFilePath</code> is not configured, and the value of this parameter(<code>initialEventId</code>) is greater than the replay ID stored in the registry.
```

</td>
    <td>No</td>
    <td><code>100</code></td>
    <td><code>-1</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>connection.salesforce.replay</code></td>
    <td>Enabling this will read the event ID stored in the Registry or from the text file provided via the event ID file path.</td>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>-</td>
    <td><code>False</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>connection.salesforce.replayWithMultipleInbounds</code></td>

>     <td>This field is visible only if replay is enabled. If you are having multiple salesforce inbound endpoints, this config needs to be enabled to ensure proper message replaying.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>This parameter is applicable only when replay is enabled. If you are using multiple Salesforce inbound endpoints, enabling this configuration ensures proper message replay across all endpoints.</td>
```
